This is for certain. Everybody's jobs
will change as a result of AI. Some jobs
will disappear. Obviously, every single
industrial revolution, some jobs are
just gone and but a whole bunch of new
jobs are created. Everybody will have to
use AI because if you don't use AI,
you're going to lose your job to
somebody who does.
>> Google CEO Sundar Pachai said this week
>> uh that there were elements of
irrationality in the stock market around
AI right now. Do you agree with him?
>> There's always some irrationality
somewhere in the stock market. I think
that that's a fair thing to say. Um I
would say though the part that most
people miss is that underneath the
foundation of chatbots and agentic AI is
a transformation of computing from
general purpose to accelerated
computing. When do you then then gauge
um uh the the investments incremental on
top of that relative to the opportunity
of generative a or agentic AI AGI on top
of that then you'll come to the
conclusion in fact it's very modest.
It's still significant, but it's modest
in in relative to the overall computing
market.
>> So, you're uh somewhere between four and
five trillion dollar company right now.
A lot of that cash flow that you're
bringing in as revenue. Uh you're
investing in other companies
[clears throat] in the space. Some
people in the the world of analysts and
the stock market are saying this creates
a degree of circularity. Uh there's
vendor financing here. It could create
extra systemic risk. Uh if for example,
companies like OpenAI, which is not
profitable, fails to meet uh the
commitments that it's making to buy data
centers. mostly full of your chips. Are
you concerned that there is a growing
structural risk related to all of those
things?
>> Not because of this reason.
>> Um for any other reason.
>> Well, if there are other reasons that we
can talk about, but not for this, you
know, not for this particular reason.
Let me tell you why. Every single
transaction we do, every single purchase
order that we take, we still go back to
first principles and we ask ourselves,
do you really have the demand for it?
Because if you don't have the demand for
it, somebody else has demand for it. The
reason why we invest is several reasons.
One is to expand our ecosystem. If you
look at the investments that that we
will likely make and have made up to now
and you compare it to the revenues that
we have that we're generating, it's in
the single low single digits. And so
that kind of tells you how could low
single digits create circularity. And
then very importantly, this is the last
reason. These are consequential
companies, most important companies of
our time. And we have the opportunity to
be have a front seat, front row seat
partnership with them. we kind of also
have, if you will, inside information
about how successful they're doing and
so the opportunity to invest in them,
it's going to turn out to be a great
investment.
>> I'd love to move on to talking about the
year that you've had in the world of
politics and policy.
>> Um, the year begins with Trump entering
the Oval Office.
>> Uh, I understand that your first meeting
with him ever was that month in January.
>> Um, and since then
>> you've traveled the world with him. He's
referred to you as a close friend and a
great leader. And I'm curious, having
spent so much time with him up close
this year, what's something that you've
learned about his approach to AI and the
way that he does business?
>> Um, let's see. I I guess maybe I'll say
some things that that um isn't evident
um watching or or reading about
President Trump on on TV or news. Uh
first of all, he's an extraordinarily
good listener. U he's he's almost I
think everything I've ever said to him,
he's remembered. Uh he is an incredibly
hard worker. his work ethic. He starts
as early as anybody else and often times
uh we'll be talking about things late in
the night and I'm kind of ready for bed
and he's he would have gone for several
more hours and so so I I've never met
anybody with such incredible work ethic
and so he's you know he it just came
from everything that he's done he's just
worked hard his whole life his whole
life he works seven days a week as far
as I can tell um there is no you know
after work spend time with doing
something else he's just working the
whole time and so these two qualities
are are really impressive impressive and
I wouldn't I wouldn't have have um
guessed those two two qualities, but
he's excellent listener. He's incredible
work ethic and he's super smart.
>> In the time that you spent in and around
the Trump administration and traveling
the world this year, is there an
important moment that you experienced
that the world doesn't know about yet,
but that you think it should?
>> The world is um unaware of how deeply
dependent United States and China are to
each other. Uh the the the ideas that
that floated around about United States
decoupling from China, I think is is is
is flawed. And our dependency on each
other is quite significant and it's
deeper than people think. And every
single time we press it, we realize what
else we're dependent on each other on
that. This will be the most
consequential relationship in the next
century. If this is so, um, I think that
we we really ought to recognize that
managing the relationship and not
causing conflict is the most important
thing we could do. And so, uh,
negotiations, communications, uh,
compromise, um, and just the continuous
process of doing that is essential. I
think the current administration has
demonstrated incredible wisdom in
engaging whether it's he hexa in uh uh
with the military uh whether it's uh
Bessant and Treasury uh President Trump
himself uh ambassador Greer all of them
representing us engaging deeply in
conversations there uh deeply wise
deeply wise and I think it'll
demonstrate that a century from now that
impactful change versus isolation and
and avoidance and uh I think That's
important. I think the second thing that
that I would say that the world didn't
realize is how deeply dependent we are
in the AI industry on the brilliant
students and the brilliant scientists of
China. 50% of the world's AI researchers
are from China. Their companies in China
wants China to win. I think that's
terrific and I think the Chinese want
China to win. I think that's terrific.
We want America to win and we can have a
healthy competition while we compete
compete fairly and collaborate at the
same time. But I think the taking it
emotionally too far from that um results
in in consequences and relationships
that are that are just harder to manage.
>> You've been still unable to ship uh at
the beginning of the administration your
H20 chip to China and had argued uh
successfully ultimately to the Trump
administration for them to remove that
export control. However, shortly after
that, uh Commerce Secretary Howard
Lutnik said that the goal of American
chip policy in that regard was to get
China addicted to US chips. Um and that
after that China turned around and said
actually no we don't we don't want the
H20 and since then you've uh publicly
declared that you have no uh China
revenue anymore. What was your response
to to LK's comments there?
>> Well you know um it's unfortunate I I
would say I would say um so first of all
it's really important to understand what
AI is. AI is not just a model. What AI
what AI is is a full stack of
reinvention of every single layer of the
technology stack. AI is about energy.
That's the reason why we're talking
about energy all the time. When
President Trump came into office and he
was pro- energy growth, if it wasn't
because of his posture on energy growth,
the United States would have been in a
very bad way. We would have had no
energy, no incremental energy necessary
to grow this incredibly important
industry. So his growth posture, his
grow energy growth policy is incredibly
helpful. But we have to win every other
layer as well. The next layer is chips.
The layer after that is infrastructure,
cloud services. the liar after that um
large language models or AI models and
of course very importantly AI
applications. The United States has if
we if we hope to take advantage of this
next industrial revolution and this will
be the largest industrial revolution of
all of the industrial revolutions. And
so every layer of that stack we must be
determined to win. But if we allow all
of the layers to only be as successful
as the least successful layer, then
United States will fall behind. No doubt
our belief and what I've explained is
that in the layer of chips the single
most important thing is to make sure
that every single model in the world
runs on American tech stack and that the
American tech stack is everywhere in the
world so that you know American tech
stack becomes if you will the global
standard. There's a belief that somehow
if we provided American chips to uh
foreign foreign countries and
specifically China that the Chinese
military would be building their
military and building um airplanes and
aircraft carriers using American chips.
Well, first of all, they have plenty of
their own chips and their companies are
formidable. The idea that China does not
have technology industry we now know is
lunacy and we all the idea that China is
not able to manufacture would suggest
somebody has had their head deeply in
the sand. The ability for us to engage
the China market, compete freely there,
earn our business, earn our business is
great for um great for market. It's
great for the American people. It allows
us to uh generate revenues for the
United States. And as you know, the
country that is most secure, has the
mightiest military is because it's also
the wealthiest country. And so we want
America to be the wealthiest country so
that we can fund the mightiest military.
And I I think that that is our way of
contributing to national security. But
this is a tight rope that you're
walking, right? Because you saying this
precisely what China wants is to have
its own semiconductor.
>> I know it
>> industry. I know it.
>> So in a way it wasn't Lutnik only just
kind of saying the quiet part out.
>> You're exactly right. In a lot of ways
um we realize that that uh on the one
hand we would like to limit American
technology to China. On the other hand,
we would like to participate in their
market. It is exactly the opposite for
them. They would like their Chinese
companies to have access to the best
technology so that different layers of
the AI stack can flourish um and it
gives while it gives their local
technology companies an opportunity to
catch up. They would like to access
American technology but they would also
like to dominate their own market. And
so these two ideas are are true in both
countries. And so the the the best
answer the best answer uh is to let let
the system work itself out. I think the
u we need a nuanced answer, nuanced
policy where uh America has American
companies have access to the most
advanced technology, American
technology. Meanwhile, um allowing
American companies to go participate in
the world's second largest market and um
uh and we'd appreciate the opportunity
to come compete and go earn our
opportunities there.
>> I want to switch gears now to talk about
uh the social impacts of AI. Um, this is
a technology that has the potential to
automate many aspects of human labor
very soon. And I'm curious the degree to
which you feel a responsibility for
making that transition go well.
>> What AI will do is to make tasks that we
do in our job more efficient. Our job is
not to wrangle a spreadsheet. Our job is
not to type into a keyboard. Our job is
generally more meaningful than that. I'm
fairly confident that AI will drive
productivity, revenue growth, and
therefore more hiring. There's a belief
that the world's GDP is somehow limited
at a hundred trillion dollars. Well,
what's likely to happen is AI is going
to cause that hundred trillion dollars
to become $200 trillion, $300 trillion,
$500 trillion. There's no fundamental
limit to the size of a GDP. And so, and
the the number of people in the world
that is participating in this GDP and
the hundred trillion dollar GDP GDP is
actually quite small. And so what if we
brought the rest of the world, the rest
of society, the rest of the world's
population, empower them with AI, give
them the opportunity to participate in
the GDP and cause this GDP to quintuple.
I think that's a very likely outcome.
And it's very likely that companies will
become more prosperous. But it's for
certain. This is for certain.
Everybody's jobs will change as a result
of AI. Some jobs will disappear.
Obviously, every single industrial
revolution, some jobs are just gone and
but a whole bunch of new jobs are
created. Everybody will have to use AI
because if you don't use AI, you're
gonna lose your job to somebody who
does.
>> Maybe my final question, uh, Nvidia is
Latin for envy.
>> It feels like you're on top of the world
right now. Is there anything you're
envious of?
>> You know, as I'm reflecting on I have a
pretty great life. I have an incredible
family. I've known my wife since I was
17. Um, I've got two amazing kids, 34
and 35. Uh, although they didn't start
out working at NVIDIA, both of them work
at Nvidia today. and and to be able to
work hard and work hard with your kids
on very important things and watch them
come up with with incredible ideas,
unique ideas, and do things that you
never knew you could do yourself. Um to
watch them do that and um it is it just
brings me enormous joy. I obviously have
a great company to to to be part of. Uh
we're we're uh building the most
impactful technology the world's ever
known. Uh to be at the center of that is
a great privilege and a great
responsibility and of course comes with
a great joy. And um uh and I have the
support of of uh 40,000 employees. We
have incredible retention. I've worked
with many of them, multiple decades. And
uh I've got two great dogs, you know,
and and
>> most importantly,
>> yeah, I've got two great dogs. They both
had their ultrasound today. They're
apparently quite healthy. Uh you know,
Lori takes incredible care of them and
they're they're super fit. I Let's see.
What else can I think of? You know, uh I
I have access to uh to friends and and
partners all over the world. I get to
travel. Um, I get to go to night
markets. I get to enjoy fried chicken in
Korea. I mean, what else does anybody
want? You know, I think this is this is
actually I would say for for any human,
this would be a dream come